fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/mildreds-lane.md

title: Mildred's Lane
images:
  - src: dion_sketch.gif
    alt: Hand-drawn sketch showing signpost with directional signs to London, Mildred's Lane, New York, and Basel; birds and bicycle wheel at base
  - src: 3806666946_ee655f0970.jpg

>     alt: Rustic wooden cabin at Mildred's Lane with stone foundation, white laundry hanging on porch, wooden chairs, and people on the lawn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Rustic wooden cabin with white laundry hanging on clothesline, wooden chairs, and people on the lawn
```

  - src: free_pesto01.jpg
    alt: Person preparing food in a kitchen with large windows and bowls of fresh greens and salad ingredients on table
  - src: tent1.jpg
    alt: Glamping canvas tent setup at Mildred's Lane showing interior furnishings and outdoor seating area
  - src: 3805994183_bd8d706306.jpg

>     alt: Taxidermied animal standing on stacked books in an interior library setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Taxidermied fox standing on stacked books in an interior library setting
```
